OSSM-8212: Fix errors in bookinfo installation instructions (#82732)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-deploying-bookinfo-application.adoc

. Click *Create*.

. Apply the {Istio} injection label to the `bookinfo` namespace by entering the following command at the CLI:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ label namespace default istio-injection=enabled

Reviewer: Is this missing an "oc"?

Author: done

> $ oc label namespace default istio-injection=enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ oc label namespace bookinfo istio-injection=enabled
```

Reviewer 3: For the "oc label namespace bookinfo istio.io/rev=<revision-name>" vs. "oc label namespace bookinfo istio-injection=enabled" second command will only work if the revision is named "default" in all other cases we need first command. This should be documented to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we can add the following note similar to what we captured in [Sail Operator docs](https://github.com/istio-ecosystem/sail-operator/blob/e1fcbdb9517a87c42df6d82a7e7c38450344534c/docs/README.md?plain=1#L308).

Note: if the `Istio` resource name is other than `default`, you need to set the `istio.io/rev` label to the name of the `Istio` resource instead of adding the `istio-injection=enabled` label.

. Click *Create*.

. Apply the {Istio} injection label to the `bookinfo` namespace by entering the following command at the CLI:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc label namespace default istio-injection=enabled

Reviewer 2: @rh-tokeefe Thanks for adding the note. You also have to update the namespace to "bookinfo"

i.e., it should read
$ oc label namespace bookinfo istio-injection=enabled

Reviewer: This is correct, I think I made a mistake copy/pasting the command into the issue.

Author: Just pushed the update.

----
+
[NOTE]
====

> Note: In this example, the name of the `Istio` resource is `default`. If the `Istio` resource name is someting else, you must set the `istio.io/rev` label to the name of the `Istio` resource instead of adding the `istio-injection=enabled` label.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this example, the name of the `Istio` resource is `default`. If the `Istio` resource name is different, you must set the `istio.io/rev` label to the name of the `Istio` resource instead of adding the `istio-injection=enabled` label.
```

Reviewer 4: Is 'Istio` the name of the resource? Do you need the `` around it.

Author: done
